{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 - insert me, a perfect coupling\
- 
\f1\i0 2022\
- Plaster, nickel plated steel, electrical components, medical grade silicon, plastics, powder coated steel\
\
- give in to the sensations I know you have,\
- the pleasures of life - why do we refuse them?\
-\cf2  machines the size of planets \
- Model: Anna Webb\
- it is so tricky to do the right thing\
- \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Material-Time-Record: Fabrication, Truth to Materials and Narrative Around an Object\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 Every drop of wax on the candle was once a part of a whole, having broken down and fallen. Every scratch on a wall was a forceful action against it.
\f1\i0 \
I was joking around in the pub with my mate. We were chatting about our work and kept turning to recurring ideas we had about material and sculpture in contemporary art. I have been referring to these current ideas as material-time-record, a rough umbrella term. If you excuse the ridiculous name, I hope to demonstrate why it has turned into a genuine concern of mine.\'a0\
Objects can hold memories. Material-time-record is about the past of an object visualised through the current state of it. It is a consideration of everything that informs its appearance. My friend and I realised that when you see a half melted ice cube, you can immediately imagine how it looked fully formed a couple of minutes ago and can visualise the puddle it will create.\'a0\
Many things can happen to something throughout time; movement of different components, location and orientation change, and wear and tear to it. So, when talking about the material-time-record of something, questions form such as: where does it come from? How is it made? What has happened to it? What will it look like?\
Material-time-record is concerned with the process of creating as a performance, the maintenance or changing of the work part of it. It takes into account art history, and how the work will be affected by time the way paintings crack and marble sculptures erode. Artists create one story while telling another, and considering material-time-record accounts for and contrasts both.\'a0 A work stays with me the most when it demands me to ask questions and\uc0\u8203 \u8203  material-time-record opens the doors for me to investigate everything.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Works of art are made for the purpose of being observed and artists need to consider the (sometimes purposefully nonexistent) story around their object. In this short essay I will investigate the power of different aspects of creating art that have my ideas of\strokec3  \strokec2 material-time-record embedded within it.}