{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Name 
\f1\i0 2023\
Multi-material installation \
\
\cf2 -aluminium\
- \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As our characters play cards in the dingey underground casino, something fishy is in the air. They start having conversations about how the Colombian drug trade is going. All the characters start exchanging stories about how they know each other.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 It becomes evident Mob boss 3 has been making most of his money from leveraging Florde Mayweather to win money from fixed fights.\
\
Katniss Everdeen is there to gamble as she has lost all her money from a horrible drug problem. She endorses Carlito Enompurium in the press to give him better public support.\
The boy and girl lover saw each other earlier in their hotel and are here by chance. They flirt.\'a0\
\
As mob boss 3, Mercurio Rossi, puts his money on the table, he realizes he has fake notes. He recalls he got this stash of money from when he and the two other mob bosses set up a bank robbery. He starts threatening the other two mob bosses that they're trying to scam him and cut him out of his territory. Even lover boy and lover girl stop flirting as their fear grows from an escalated argument. Timmy, Mob boss 2\'92s son starts crying hysterically.\'a0\
\
Before anything happens, dynamite technician and common crook confess that it is fake money, because the bank robbery they did for the mob bosses went wrong. They start telling the story of the botched robbery as everyone bickers in.\
\
Throughout this, they are still being served drinks and playing cards.\'a0\
\
In a flustered crying, Lover boy tells everyone why he is in great debt to mob boss 3. Mob boss 3 saved his life.\'a0\
\
\
They carry on playing cards\
\
In an accelerated turn of events, the common crook shoots two mob bosses. He confesses he was a mole all along and was using information from the corrupt police woman to avoid the FBI while working for Greico. Everyone takes out their gun and points it at the common crook. They start shouting at him. He shushes them and goes on a monologue. In a dramatic turn of events, he show everyone a bottle of poison and they all drop dead one by one.
\f2 \cf0 \
}